so Charlie first of all congratulations
on getting a second season
yeah daredevil looking to the future
what are you most excited to explore
moving forward with Matt burden you know
for those of those of you have seen the
full first season you know that's really
the the journey is the evolution of Matt
Murdock into daredevil and getting to
that place where he can he can make
peace with who he is and kind of fully
embody that alter-ego I'm excited to see
him you know get us to get to see
daredevil really kind of come into his
own as it were and really experience his
life as a as a superhero rather than a
masked vigilante and sadly Steven
tonight won't be back for season two how
do you think the the share on a shake-up
might change things it's hard for me to
know how that's gonna change things
obviously that we now we have Doug
Petrie and Marco Ramirez who are two who
are going to joint show run so that's
obviously a slightly different dynamic
but I'm familiar with both of them
because they were writers on the on the
on the show last year and they came out
with their episode so I've got
relationships with them which is which
is nice it's a loss you know because
when the show is described to me and
they talked about how dark and gritty it
was gonna be there was a little cynical
side to me they thought yeah but we'll
see if you actually can main are willing
to maintain that once you once we get
going because so often that's not the
case and with the end with with these
guys with Jeph Loeb and creamin and and
Stephen tonight they really trod that
ground right to the very end you know
they were they were steadfast and and
and I hope I hope we can maintain that
with Doug and Marco I think we Canton
and fans obviously have their favorites
I mean do you have any particular
characters you'd love to see
crop up in season two what you mean
other than stilt man or still bad I'd
love still I would love I don't know
there's a little Easter eggs episode in
episode 11 I think yeah 12 even thinking
about the nature of the show and
thinking about you know the Tony and
where it sits I'd like to see The
Punisher maybe and Castle at some point
we've got to have bullseye making intro
I don't know whether that's the see the
season or if we were lucky enough to do
further seasons I don't know but at some
point I feel like he has to make
an appearance I'm also you know I I'm
not convinced were some Fiske is that is
is out of out of dead I was life
completely you know he may be he may be
behind bars for now but hopefully not
homie putting on the iconic red sue is
that's the big moment was it a long
journey getting to that look we trying
on lots of different variants and it's a
koala game yeah yeah and it's it's a
real process you know I had to fly to
Los Angeles and have a body scan and and
then various fittings and different and
tailoring it the first time we tried it
on there's lots of things to you know
it's a it's a real process you know and
there's lots of things to taper and
figure out you know he changed the boots
up and we had to stuff in the arm that
wasn't quite working and then you know
slowly we got there but it was it was it
was very cool and we know in addition to
season two
that's gonna be back in the defenders
yes well how do you think he will
operate as part of a team I don't know I
mean I think I'd almost need to see what
the other shows do and what those shows
feel like tonally in order to and what
and what yeah you know how the actors
bring those characters to life in order
to figure out the dynamic but it's gonna
be interesting yeah any chess will see
you in those shows before the defendant
I don't know I have no idea that I I
mean possibly I know that Luke Cage is
bit is in the Jessica Jones and
obviously it'd be very difficult to make
just good eyes without having a Cajun
and vice versa but but there is this
there is this kind of intent to to
maintain an anonymity to each of the
shows so you get to really live with
them independently and then when we come
together we get to see them collaborate